 I lived with a really greasy guy , very unkempt , no hygiene what so ever . He didn't even own a toothbrush which led me to believe that he didn't brush his teeth . I assumed this for about four months until the day I came home to my housemate brushing his teeth… with MY toothbrush . He woke me up at 3am . He dropped his pants to the ground . He said " tom cruise was right about everything . " He then , with his pants still at his ankles , bunny - hopped back to his bed and fell asleep . I didn't sleep that night . I had a roommate who would stress eat watermelon , then get drunk , then decide that her  " food baby "  was an actual baby , buy it baby clothes online , and then fall asleep and wake up the next day and do it all again . We had so many baby clothes . One day , I noticed that my roommate had something weird in her hands . It was a voodoo doll of myself . A friend of mine had a college roommate who would get drunk and for some unknown reason take a shit on the living room floor . My roommate last year sleepwalked every once in a while . In maybe the second or third last week of the school year , while sleepwalking , he came over to where my bed was , peed all over the floor , and then tried to climb into my bed when I was in it .My roommate is a theatre major . She was dreaming about an audition and sang an entire song in her sleep . 1 time my roommate got drunk & filled our tub w /  jello . She said she wanted to feel like she was  " back in the womb . "  I had a roommate who had a dresser drawer specifically labeled  " Ninja Clothes . "  One of my roommates freshman year wrote a mean girls style burn book to God about the other three of us and our sins . I had a roommate in college , let's call him Brian , who was so offended by my lack of effort in college that he mailed a hand written letter to my parents before the end of my freshman year about how little I was going to class . Freshman year , I was assigned to a random roommate who thought she was a mermaid / witch . I came home one day and there was a wet six - foot mermaid tail hanging over my door . She also got permission from the school to swim in the campus pool with her mermaid tail on . I'd also wake up from naps sometimes and it would be pitch black , and I'd hear her and her friends chanting and talking about spells they had made . She was an interesting gal . My freshman year , my roommate used to tweet about me all semester long . She never left the room and legitimately tweeted over 50 times about me and my friend , and whatever we were talking about . She even posted a 17 - minute voice memo of us once . It became a thing for my friend and I to check her tweets every morning to see if she wrote about us . She never knew that we found out . #ChroniclesOfTheDrunkVariety if you're interested . dude took obscure drugs all the time . one time he was in his room for a while , then just came out in like a trance and just started bringing bucket after bucket of mud and dirt into his room and started sculpting some shit . he was evicted shortly after that . My roommate had a dog that was left on the porch daily . Crapped all over it . One Sunday morning I watched her scoop the poop with a spatula . She then walked into the kitchen , cleaned it off with a SOS pad , and proceeded to flip eggs with the same spatula . We got into a little tiff and I brought that up and won the argument . I had a roommate my freshman year who came back to our dorm drunk . Took a raw packet of oatmeal up to the top bunk . She poured oatmeal in her mouth . Fell asleep . Then rolled off the top bunk . Managed to land like a cat on the floor . All the dry ( ish ) oatmeal fell out of her mouth . She then casually got up ( as though this was all planned ) walked into our bathroom and took a shower . This all happened over the course of about 15 - 20 minutes . First one is we had a dude that worked nights and over the weekend , so two days a week during the week he was off work and awake all night . I remember coming out to get a drink from the kitchen at like 2am one night and he was standing in front of the TV in just his boxers , playing rock band on the xbox with the sound turned completely off . He was also wearing a dollar store fake stick - on mustache for some reason . I moved in with 3 friends , one of them I only casually knew . The first day I was stuck at the apartment with him alone and I hear him yelling from the other room so I go and check out if he is okay . He is working on his printer and having trouble getting it to print . So I came in and asked if he needed help with it and he picked it up and threw it at the wall . He then proceeded to beat the shit out of it with every object in his room and stomp on it ( think Office Space ) I left the room to avoid getting hit with anything and I could hear him going on for about 15 minutes . About an hour later he comes in my room and casually asks me if I wanted to go get meatball subs and never said anything about the printer ever again . One of my college roommates used to cut her own hair and leave the clippings in an open shoe box in the middle of the floor . She would also sleep inside this giant cardboard box that she brought up onto her bunk bed . One night I had stayed up later than usual , and I was trying to fall asleep . I hear some loud noises coming from the shared bathroom , and look up to see my suitemate's naked body flying out of the bathroom , parallel to the floor . He landed on my room's spare bed , where he attempted to sleep for a few minutes before spending an hour sleepwalking naked around my room . That was pretty freaky . In college 4 of us shared a suite , 2 bedrooms and a bathroom on either side of a shared living space . The girl I shared my bathroom with was really clean so I didn't have a problem with her , except her boyfriend was at another school and they would fall asleep on the phone together EVERY NIGHT . Like , I could hear him snoring on the phone through the wall . She would carry around the phone with him snoring until he woke up . My roommate was in bed after a night out and said that he had to shit so badly he couldn't go to the toilet , ( literally two steps down the hallway ) so I got up and took a shit in his top drawer and said he had no idea he done it until he woke up and could smell something awful . Freshman year of college I lived in a one room dorm with three other people . I had a roommate that would wear my clothes whenever I'm out . I came home to him in my clothes and sleeping on my bed . Mind you he is twice my size . Also he'd piss in water bottles and left them around the room . She would sometimes go out to do lord knows what and then come in late at night . It would be well after midnight , sometimes 2 or 3 in the morning , and I would be in bed asleep already . But she would always wake me up because she was so damn loud coming in . She would come in , flip the lights on , and whisper my name a couple times to see if I would respond . I wouldn't - I would pretend to be asleep because I didn't really like her or want to talk to her , especially that late at night . As soon as she thought I was asleep , she would let it rip . I'm talking loud , long farts . It was really hard not to laugh . I came out around 1 am to go to the bathroom and heard a weird rustling in the kitchen . I turned the corner and found my roommate sleeping in our sink . My roommates cat died . He slept with his dead cat in his bed for like three days , knowing it was dead . He only stopped when it started to smell . Spraying our clean dishes with raid to keep the bugs away . Caught him at 3am . My college dorm mate had this weird thing with wanting me to think she was cool or fun or something . So every time I came home and put my key in to unlock the door , she would start hysterically laughing at whatever show she had on . I tested it multiple times to make sure . Tip toe up to the door – nothing . Stood there for a couple seconds and then put the key in – hysterical laughter to the point of tears . So creepy and weird , I moved out the following semester . She had this cup full of liquid by her bed . There's no better way to describe it really . She kept her toothbrush in it , bristles down in the liquid and when it came to teethbrushing time , she'd basically just take the toothbrush out , brush her teeth , spit into the cup and shove her toothbrush back into her cup . I'm wretching just thinking about it . Standing completely naked in the kitchen washing her hair ( with my shampoo ) in the kitchen sink that was already packed full with dirty dishes . I walked in on a prayer group praying over my bed in my dorm during my freshman year . One of my roommates thought I was possessed by the devil and wanted to cleanse my side of the room . My boyfriend and I had fallen asleep on our couch in the living room during a movie and woke up to my crazy roommate sitting in the armchair beside us with an actual axe while watching us sleep ! I caught my roommate washing the dishes in the bathtub while she was taking a bath . One night I woke up to my roommates playing real - life fruit ninja with a giant knife in the living room of our apartment . One time my one roommate was hanging a chicken to dry in our laundry room . One night my roommate was being especially loud , so I walked in to tell her to quiet down and she was standing over the sink eating raw eggs and crunching on the shells . I was so shocked I ran back into my room and never brought it up again . I had a roommate who was heavily involved in SCA ,  he forged and blacksmithed an entire set of knight’s armor in our living room and would often just chill on the couch in his full set of armor .  Dude really thought he was a knight . I had a roommate who ,  when she moved out ,  left a mountain of garbage bags outside our front door .  When I texted her asking why she had done that ,  her response was that she thought the apartment complex came around and collected the trash from outside the door regularly .  In reality ,  I would take out the trash regularly ,  sometimes setting it outside the door to remind me to grab it on my way out .  I can’t really decide if she was actually this clueless or if she just maliciously left me with all her trash to take care of . My old roommate had 19 snakes .  When he moved in he lied and originally said he had 9 .  Even 9 was a bit excessive . After returning from Canda after a year back packing ,  my buddy and me returned to Ireland and moved into a house which had two new Zealand guys and an Irish couple .  So the Irish couple were strange as hell ,  she was a very large girl and he was a skinny farmer .  So me and my buddy after coming back from the pub one night observed the big girl cooking something on the stove one night ,  I went and had a good look because I thought in my drunken state I might get something to eat from her ,  not the case because she was boiling her underwear in a big pot on the stove .  I asked what the hell are you at ? She replied washing her knickers .  I went to bed disgusted and hungry .  I get up and go to work in the morning ,  come home at 5pm to find a very large New Zealand farmer sitting on the couch eating his pasta dinner straight from the pot that had dirty underwear being cooked in it the night before .  Best thing I ever saw . Freshman year of college I lived in a one room dorm with three other people .  I had a roommate that would wear my clothes whenever I’m out .  I came home to him in my clothes and sleeping on my bed .  Mind you he is twice my size .  Also he’d piss in water bottles and left them around the room . Standing completely naked in the kitchen washing her hair  ( with my shampoo )  in the kitchen sink that was already packed full with dirty dishes .  We had two showers and four bathroom sinks in our apartment none of which were in use… why?I once had a roommate who kept a bag ,  containing teeth of every single one of her siblings ,  under her pillow .  One time ,  I even caught her kissing it . My college roommate bought some size 22 sneakers and put them in the middle of our living room ,  and when people would come over and see the giant shoes he would say ,   " Oh ,  my girlfriend's in the shower "  . Moved in with a guy who had a huge horror movie collection .  When I asked ,  " So ,  you a horror movie fan?"  He said " No ,  just taking notes . "  That was day one .  #MyWeirdRoommate speaks a different language in her sleep .  One time I asked if she spoke a different language and she said no . When I first met my college roommate ,  he introduced himself saying ,   " Hi ,  my name is Matt .  I like dragons .  "  He got kicked out of school six months later for unauthorized snake breeding .  I had a roommate that would pour toilet bowl cleaner on his dirty dishes and then leave them in the sink .  I guess he thought that if it was good enough to clean a toilet ,  why not a plate?In college my roommate pretended he had a girlfriend who lived in England  ( we are in the US )  .  Used to talk to her on the phone and everything while we would both be in the dorm .  My roommate was fb friends with her of course and a few of her friends who he had  " met while visiting her .  "  He used to talk about how much he missed her ,  especially having sex with her etc .  Found out after I moved out she never existed .  Fake profile ,  fake name ,  fake pics .  He was talking to no one  ( except himself )  on the phone .  I have no idea why he'd go to such lengths for this lie but I felt really weird about the whole thing once I found out . Roommate used to come home late and drunk often ,  he would raid the kitchen and eat all the food .  Next day he would have no memory of eating it all ,  presume it was me who had done it then get cross . 
I would be awoken by the sounds of things hitting my bedroom door ,  bumps ,  bonks ,  splats etc .  It was him throwing the mess at my door ,  would often wake up to food leftovers splattered all over the place ,  Baked Bean ,  Yogurts ,  all sorts of random stuff .  Before I moved in ,  he had also covered up vomit with his Sofa instead of cleaning it up ,  which I later found out about .  Lived with him a year before I escaped ,  he was a nasty vile man . Unplugged our microwave because he didn’t want the radiation leaking into the air . 
Tried to tell him that our microwave isn’t nuclear and he just grinned and unplugged it again that night . Had a roommate that was easily distracted by things .  Anything .  He could have a thought about why stars are certain colors and then go on a mission to find out why .  Or maybe it would be a curiosity of the air pressure in his tires . 
The problem was that when this happened he would just wander off from whatever task or activity he was doing at the time . 
So many burned dinners and messes left throughout the house . I used to live with a guy who would watch a particularly disturbing serial killer movie on repeat ,  in the dark while sitting about twelve inches from the TV screen .  He would never look up or say hi when I would get home .  Just sit there in pitch black watching women get murdered on repeat . Woke up to sound of shouting on bullhorns and found cops in backyard telling me to get back inside .  Went to front of house to figure out what was going on ,  as I opened the door cops rushed up and escorted me out to street .  Turns out one roommate threatened another roommate with a gun ,  and now that person was barricaded in his room with an army helmet on and bulletproof vest .  There was seven others living there ,  some home ,  some not .  Had to draw a diagram of all the rooms because cops couldn't risk going in right away as we didn't know who was all home or not .  Roommate started to taunt cops by throwing lit strings of firecrackers at them .  This all started at around 8 PM .  At 4 AM he started to throw large objects off of his balcony at cops so they threw flash bangs and gas canisters at him on balcony .  He managed to make it out of his bedroom ,  rush out the front door with gun showing ,  and two cops around blind corner from him rushed him and took him down . Not my current roommates ,  but I had a roommate in college that used to play Bittersweet Symphony on repeat all day ,  every day .  From the minute I moved in ,  to even after I moved out  ( I moved down the hall to another kid's room because this is just one of the super weird things he used to do ,  and I still used to hear it constantly playing whenever I'd walk by )  .  I really used to like that song too ,  but it's ruined for me now . One of my housemates in college was a heavy drinker ,  which in itself wasn’t really an issue to the rest of us because he wasn’t really loud or belligerent about it .  The issue ,  though ,  was that he pissed himself pretty frequently whenever he was really trashed ,  which is usually the condition he drank himself to .  It got so bad that whenever he started drinking ,  we would all start encouraging ,  sometimes outright demanding ,  that he go to his own room before he passed out and pissed himself on one of the couches ,  or someone else’s bed  ( he had a habit if we were all hanging out of just getting up and wandering into someone else’s room and passing out in their bed )  . My first college roommate hated doing laundry ,  so he wore my underwear  ( without asking )  when his was dirty . Current roommate .  He talks to himself .  I once asked what he was doing and he described it as never giving up playing with toys ,  but the thing is there are no toys .  He just paces around the living room with his hands clasped behind his back and if you walk in on him doing it ,  he just stops and stares at you until you leave . He got in a fight with a homeless lady and lost ,  drank his own piss ,  got arrested after trying to use an invisible shield to move traffic out of the way  ( he was on foot in the middle of the street )  ,  and drank a smoothie which ingredients consisted of milk ,  his own blood ,  and his own semen .  Dude lost his mind completely ,  and I ended up having to get a restraining order against him .  2018 was a hell of a year . My roommate in freshman year of college was this really tall ,  total bro of a hockey player .  When he went to bed one night ,  I was surprised to see from across the room he took an old stuffed bunny toy in pajamas from under his pillow and kissed it goodnight before hugging it close to him .  I soon observed that this was part of his bed time routine ,  but I never mentioned it . He washed his feet everynight before bed and kinda did a little tap dance on a towel to dry them .  The walls were thin so I could hear it every night . 
My gay roommate's boyfriend had a creepy ,  creepy clown mask that he left at our place .  One night I fell asleep early ,  he came into my room wearing the mask and wiggled my toe until I woke up . I was doing my business in the bathroom one day ,  and my roommate opened the door to see me sitting on the toilet .  Most normal people would say  " oh sorry ,  "  and close the door ,  but he didn't .  We just made eye contact for maybe 20 seconds . 
Then ,  without breaking eye contact ,  he slowly stepped into the bathroom ,  opened up a drawer under the sink ,  reached around for whatever he was looking for  ( still keeping eye contact )  ,  and slowly backed away ,  out of the bathroom and closing the door . 
We never talked about it . Dorm room had 2 bedrooms with 2 people sharing each bedroom and a personal common area and bathroom .  College roommate in the other bedroom smelled like death .  He had some weight issues ,  smoked cigarettes ,  and never seemed to shower .  The roommate in my bedroom literally saw him with shit on the back of his pants one day ,  as he sat all over the common area couches .  The smell was so bad that we were unable to use the common area and literally held our breaths from the bedroom to the hallway .  We always had to keep our bedroom door closed and douse it with Febreeze every couple days or so .  It was hell . Had a roommate during school .  He was a hyper - masculine ,  frat boy type .  Very loud and obnoxious and kind of a bully in that way .  One day I come home late from school and find all the lights off and approximately 30 individual candles lighting the darkened living room .  He is sitting there wearing only a robe and holding a glass of red wine  ( which he never drank ,  because men drink beer or something )  .  I ask him what's up ,  kind of laughing and thinking a girl is coming over ,  and he looks at me like I'm an idiot and goes  " Dude ,  the bachelor starts tonight .  Get your robe !  "  I did not know this was a thing . My freshman year of college .  I was laying in bed and my roommate walks in from the diner at approximately 9 pm and goes  " how do you eat an orange? "  I sit up and say peel it and then eat the inside .  This man says oh I thought it tasted funny and is holding an orange with a bite out of the side as if he was eating an apple .  However in a power move this man then continues to just eat the orange as an apple and refuses to peel it . My college roommate 4 years ago was a weird dude .  He thought that certain sound frequencies would benefit his sleep and somehow heal him? I used to wake up in the middle of the night and hear a really high pitched ,  constant sound .  I'd search the dorm and unplug all the electronics hoping the sound would go away .  After a few nights I realized it was my roommate playing the frequencies on his phone while he slept .  I couldn't stand it .  He tried to unclog the toilet one day by playing the frequencies into the bowl .  Yeah that didn't do anything .  He also used to stand in front of the mirror and stare at himself in the dark with headphones on for long periods of time .  Oh yeah one last thing ,  he'd steal my food and my other roommates' food in the middle of the night  ( he was the only one with a meal plan ,  the rest of us bought our own food .  Dining hall closed at 9 )  .  I found the empty wrappers of my food behind the toilet . Lived in a big house with lots of other guys in college .  One dude would open the second floor window every morning ,  pour a decent amount of cheerios or other cereal out onto our first floor patio for the birds ,  and then piss out the same window all over the food .  and then repeat most mornings . He was a sleep Walker .  One time he went to go to the bathroom in his sleep ,  saw the dog was in there ,  apologized ,  and then shut the door on the dog and peed on the door . One day I saw two Kentucky Fried Chicken breasts in the cupboard .  When I asked him about it he said you only had to refrigerate dark meat . He left suddenly and we found out weeks later he was in rehab and wouldn't be coming back .  We went to do the  " bro code "  thing and try to remove any porn/drugs before his parents came to pick up his belongings and found dozens of bottles of piss ,  at least 100 bottles of whiskey stuffed in every conceivable space ,  and his mattress was completely soaked through with dried piss .  Apparently he was drinking 4 - 5 750ml bottles of whiskey a day and mixing it with Ambien ,  then couldn't make it to the bathroom .  It was disgusting ,  but we couldn't let his parents see that shit . Shared a floor in a shared house with a really nice guy .  He was sound but he never bought toilet roll .  I went on holiday for 2 weeks and left half a roll just to see what would happen .  Came home to a bin full of shit covered socks .  Lovely ! My roommate played without notice on full blast the Pirates of The Caribbean theme .  He ran through the house yelling  " Come along laddies the sea calls for us !  "  .  He wouldn't reply to us unless we referred to him as Captain Jack Sparrow .  I found out later that day he binged the franchise the night before .  I didn't mind too much I love that song and was happy to hear it . I lived in a single room dorm with a girl who was an Agriculture major .  She’d have to go feed cows on the school farm and then she’d wear her shit - covered boots back into our room and just leave them by her bed .  It was smelly . My roommate constantly goes around the house labeling things as different kinds of juice .  Some of these are " juice that makes dirt melt , "   ( soap )  " juice that  makes the cat mad , "   ( spray bottle of water )  and " cow juice , "   ( milk )  .  #MyWeirdRoommate once came home from drinking and woke me up by peeing on me .  He proceeded to pee on my dog ,  the stairs ,  his friend who was sleeping on the couch ,  the kitchen floor and then passed out in his pee pants .  And yes we are STILL dating  . #MyWeirdRoommate decided she wanted to see if firecrackers still went off in water .  .  . so she lit one and threw it into our toilet .  Cracked our $400 hyper flush toilet in half !  Shit everywhere .  And the smell .  smh .  She tried to hide it by shutting the lid . #MyWeirdRoommate didn’t know what a sprinkler was and hung her laundry from it .  The whole thing ripped out the wall and flooded 6 dorms and caused $40 , 000 in damages . My best friend had a roommate that once fell asleep on some cheese .  He woke up and found it melted to his back and then ate it .  He liked it so much that he started laying Kraft singles on his bed at night to sleep on so he could have warm cheese in the morning .  One time I came home to 3 cops in my living room because my roommates got caught throwing water balloons at people from our third story apartment .  My freshman year roommate would turn on an hour long YouTube audio of different farts & would sit and listen on occasion .  Brought lots of giggles .  She hated real ones ,  though .  One of my college roommates ,  who we didn’t have a good relationship with ,  asked if she could eat my pet rabbit and we still don’t know if she was joking or not .  I moved my rabbit to my moms house so I would never find out .  My college roommate wouldn’t stop popping his zits in the mirror on the back of the dorm room door .  So whenever I came back to the room after class ,  I’d insert my key really quietly ,  then push the door open as hard as I could so it smacked him in the face .   Entering quietly late to avoid waking #MyWeirdRoommate ,  sat down on couch to eat a shwarma in the dark ,  then silently noticed I was sitting on 1 of many dismembered fake bloody human parts he'd left scattered around to dry .  I had a roommate that peeled off her fake eyelashes and left them in the carpet .  I constant would get them stuck to my feet . my roommate couldn’t sleep ,  so instead of counting sheep or listening to music ,  she put herself to sleep by describing what she wants her future husband to look likeWent swimming with my roommate who is 6’5 and he surprisingly can swim very well .  I said " how can you swim so fast?"  To which he replied " I have webbed toes . "  Low and behold I look down to see that yes indeed ,  his toes are webbed .  My roommate and I won an Alexa on the Tonight Show .  Ever since that she treated Alexa like our third roommate .  She greeted her whenever we entered our room ,  told her to be careful and one night even sang a lullaby for her .  Met my roommate for the first time .  .  .  on that same night he said he was going to head home .  I asked if he even had a car .  His response .  .  .  Oh ,  I just live across the street .  I watched him run across the street to him mom waiting at the front door .  Puts everything in the fridge and I mean everything .  Chips ,  gummy worms ,  cookies ,  and even canned nuts . when I was at camp one year I got woken up by this loud thud noise .  I looked over and she fell off the top bunk .  I asked her if she was okay and still sleeping she said " yeah this happens all the time .  Don’t worry about it" He just walked into my room and covered by bed in salt . One of the guys who lived above us would snooze his alarm  ( which was a rooster crowing )  every 10 minutes for 3 hours .  So #MyWeirdRoommate would go into their apartment ,  into his room ,  turn off the alarm and leave without ever being seen . In college I woke up to campus police knocking on my roommate's bedroom door ,  yelling ,   " WE KNOW ABOUT THE CHICKENS .  "  He opened the door and four chickens scurried out .  My roommate used to practice a weird form of martial arts he called  " show - tay "  by throwing handfuls of bouncy balls off the wall and trying to dodge them in the dark .  On my roommates 21st birthday she lasted no longer than 30 minutes at the bar before she got kicked out for following 2 men into the men’s restroom .  When I went to Governor’s School for the Arts ,  my roommate was a visual artist that made me leave every time she changed and took three - hour showers .  Her final art project was a portfolio full of images made from my hair she had collected from our dorm floor .  Found my roommate on the floor passed out . 
Couldn't revive him so was ready to call rampart . 
He said he fell when he was up on the ceiling . 
His shoes were glued to the ceiling . #MyWeirdRoommate saved the hair that built up in her shower drain ,  washed it ,  super glued it into a ball & put it on a key chain that she now carries around everywhere . College roommate walks in :   " do you know where I can get some lab coats "  me :   " umm ,  no "   Roommate :   " they put my girlfriend in a mental institution and i'm going to sneak in and break her out "   Then proceeds to walk out the door with no further explanation . Our snail died ,  but my roommate didn’t want to break the news to me .  So she moved him to a different place in the tank every day to make me think he was still alive . My roommate in college was getting her engagement pics done during spring break .  When I came back from break she showed me them and she was wearing my clothes in the pics . She was super nice to everyone ,  so she brought home a stranger who missed the last bus ,  and let him sleep on the sofa ,  then stayed awake all night in panic in case he turned out to be a murderer . Having a female roommate is tough .  My current one leaves clumps of hair all over the house and just last week she shit on the floor .  Every time I try to talk to her about her weird habits she looks at me with these big brown eyes . I once had a roommate who got so mad at everyone’s dirty dishes that he bought his own set of silverware and wrote his name on every fork ,  spoon ,  and knife .  Once I couldn't figure out why all my underwear was missing .  I asked my roommate ,  and he pulled down his pants and said ,   " Looking for these? " I had a roommate who was obsessed with her health .  The only problem was the things she tried were usually outrageous and never in moderation .  It was pretty common for her to eat the same food over and over again .  I didn't start to get to concerned until her hands and feet turned deep orange from the insane amounts of carrots she had been consuming . As a student I lived in a tiny appartment in a hallway full of identical tiny appartments that shared a kitchen and lounge .  There was a vacancy and some guy came to look at it ,  signed the papers and turned up with his stuff the following week .  When he opened the door he found it fully furnished and it was obvious someone were already living there ,  but no one was home .  Turns out one guy knew the landlord didn’t keep track of what was going on or who lived where all that well and ,  as a joke ,  somehow managed to change appartments between the time of the viewing and the new guy moving in .  He moved all his stuff in the dead of night without anyone noticing and said nothing to no one . 
It was the weirdest practical joke I’ve ever seen . Dropped an iron on the floor ,  and left it there while it was still on . Me and my roommates noticed we would burn through almost an entire roll of toilet paper in one day .  There were 4 of us and it just didn’t make sense ,  everybody claimed to not needed that much . 
Turns out one of them was a germaphobe ,  and would mummy - wrap both of his hands before going anywhere near his booty .  So we all bought our own toilet paper after that . 
The same roommate would wash his face in the sink the same way they do in the commercials  -  cupping water in his hands and splashing his face  ( and the walls ,  and the floor )  .  He tried making alcohol in his closet .  He bought some yeast ,  some grape juice ,  and threw the yeast in the bottle .  He let it sit there for a few days until it was completely swollen .  We took it to a friend's place to let it explode ,  but we ended up just throwing it down the drain . We got home super drunk one night and ordered 20 chicken mcnuggets off of UberEats ,  only we screwed up and ordered 200 instead of 20 .  Anyways the show up and we just lost it and ate a shit ton of chicken mcnuggets at like 3 am lol we passed out and call it a night . 
I wake up the next morning and instead of covering me with a blanket the dude covered me with all of the mcdonalds wrappers from the nuggets lmao I asked him why he chose that to cover me up and he said he didn't remember doing that . I used to live with two guys ,  one of which was my boyfriend at the time .  The other dude never flushed toilet paper down the toilet .  He always would leave this little growing tower of folded USED toilet paper in the trash can .  One time ,  the dog got into it .  I thought I was going to die before the guy got home so I could make him clean up his own shit smeared toilet paper . My roommate has a cat and for some reason always buys it potatoes .  The cat doesn’t eat them or anything he just gets them for it to play with .  Normally I’ll walk out of my room once a week to just see shredded potatoes and plastic all over the floor ,  rug ,  couch ,  u name it .  He cleans it up if I get onto him so I guess it’s not a big deal but still it’s weird ;  just buy it a stuffed mouse or something lol . Not my roommate but a buddy in college had this roommate who would leave weird stuff in the fridge .  Used dental floss ,  school papers .  I think the most offensive item was a pair of sandy bikini bottoms . My old roommate from college was a nightmare from hell .  She claimed she didn’t know how to load a dishwasher and would put cups and bowls facing up so they were filled with dirty water when the cycle was over .  She’d steal my candles ,  lighters and other small things and lie about it even though she’d let me go into her room to borrow things and I’d see them and take them back .  She also boarded dirty silverware and plates in her room and a ton of them grew mold .  It got to the point where she’d throw out kitchenware that I bought so she wouldn’t have to put it in the sink or dishwasher .  Absolutely unreal . Freshman year of college my roommate was pretty odd . 
She would routinely walk underneath my lofted bed and punch it when I was trying to sleep ,  and would just sit in our closet for hours sometimes .  Pretty weird to be studying in your room and have your roommate just walk out of the closet randomly when you had no idea they were in there lol . 
I think the weirdest thing she did was walk up to me ,  throw a glass of water on me ,  and walk away when I was just standing there in our floor lounge .  No idea why . 
We actually became pretty good friends after we didn't live together though . I walked in to my dorm after class one day only to be surprised  ( and surprise )  by my roommate beating it on our couch with Aladdin on as cover . I once walked in on my roommate pouring a bowl of cereal .  We didn't have milk ,  so instead she used DR .  PEPPER . A housemate was looking online for earphones and ended up buying a pig . 
Brought the pig home a few hours later .  He had the house wrecked within a week and would pee and poop on the carpet all the time . My roommate snuck into my bedroom while I was sleeping and replaced all of my underwear with lettuce . The long - term flatmate was a professional university student ,  having completed degrees in law ,  medicine and fine arts .  Found out after about a week he was a heroin addict ,  after 6 months of long conversations it became clear he was not a 'normal' person .  He told me how and where he had killed two people on different occasions ,  and me and another friend moved out after it started to snowball  ( he bit the head off his pet rat in the middle of an argument and threw the body across the room whilst smiling at us with the head in his mouth )  .  He died a few years after I moved out from an overdose .  There's probably much more to make this a more compelling story during the 6 months I lived there ,  but 8 years after his death I miss him more than almost anyone else I've ever met . One of my roomates in college sat bolt upright in his bed at about 2am  ( I was playing videogames )  and said  " This is the hill "  .  I asked  " what hill? "  He answered  " This is the hill we die on .  "  and went back to sleep .  Never did anything close to sleep - talking the rest of the year . 
He also had an enjoyment for the white powder .  He walked in once while under the influence of a bunch of stuff ,  and proceeded to try and snort the salt someone had spilt on the carpet . 
One time I walked in to find him throwing everything in the kitchen he could reach at the wall .  I guess the goal was to see what would stick .  Yes :  a few knives ,  a metal spatula ,  something that went through the wall and left a hole .  No :  everything else in the drawers ,  fridge  ( mostly condiments and bread )  ,  and counters .  I decided it was a good time to start keeping my knives in my room . The worst that ever happened to me was one time my roommate in college left a 50qt ice chest with about 20lbs of meat in it in our living room for a few months .  I went to move the ice chest one day and heard it slosh and was like ,  wtf is in here? Yes ,  20lbs of rotten meat and a few bags worth of melted ice .  I told him to get rid of it so he opened the front door and dumped it on our porch . My roommate kept shitting in my cat's litter - box .  He was so batshit crazy I thought it best not to bring it up .  Better the cat's room than mine . My roommate used to go to parties with his laptop .  The only reason I knew this was because he came home late at night with it .  Then I realized he never left with his laptop .  Then he started coming home with multiple laptops .  One night he had a stack of four of them .  Sometimes he couldn't pay utilities so I had to cover him for a week or two ,  then more laptops would show up ,  then disappear ,  then he'd pay me . " Freshman year ,  my random roommate appeared to be chill .  We were on good terms ,  but not best friends .  One day ,  I got a Chase notification that my account balance was  - $20 and the money was taken out of my dorm’s ATM .  I freaked because my parents had just put a $300 allowance in there and I had books to buy .  I got back to the dorm and checked my wallet ,  but my debit card was there ,  so nothing seemed wrong .  I called everyone on my floor to a meeting asking if anyone had taken my money .  No one fessed up ,  so I got really heated and called the cops .  The cops told me that they needed to roll back the tape on the dorm’s ATM camera .  But out of nowhere ,  my roommate comes and confesses .  I was so shocked .  I had her kicked out of my room ,  but I didn’t press charges for identity theft or anything .  But seriously ,  how did she know my pin number? !  Oh ,  and the craziest part is ,  when the cops came ,  she came down wearing MY L . L .  Bean raincoat . "  " My sister’s freshman year of college ,  she roomed with a really shy girl who kept to herself and was just sort of odd .  After a couple of months ,  my sister noticed that their room started to have the weirdest smell .  She tried to drop hints at her roommate ,  but she didn’t seem to notice ,  so my sister and her friends decided to investigate while her roommate was in class .  They looked through the whole room and then finally looked through the roommate’s desk .  They opened the bottom drawer to find that it was completely full of used ,  old ,  bloody tampons and pads . My sister moved out shortly after that . " I met this guy when I moved into my apartment my first year of university .  He seemed fine ,  so my friends and I decided to live with him again my second year .  By our second semester ,  he began ordering items off Amazon in preparation for the zombie apocalypse .  We teased him about it and he was fairly coy and kind of laughed it off ,  but he showed us both a hatchet and kept a list of all the things he needed pinned on the wall by his bed .  There were nights where we'd come in from a night out and he would just stand in his doorway and be really weird .  My other flatmate and I used to joke that he would watch us sleep  ( that's how creepy he was )  ,  but I'm such a heavy sleeper ,  I have no idea if that actually happened .  The whole thing was just super uneasy and one of the strangest things I've ever seen . There was a time in the spring when it got very hot and my roommates had just gotten a couple of hermit crabs .  They insisted on keeping the room at 80 degrees because if it was any colder ,  it would ‘hurt the hermies’  ( their words ,  not mine )  .  I couldn’t tell the R . A .  because I didn’t want to rat on them ,  so I had to suffer through the heat .  My roommate stopped going to her classes at one point in the semester ,  and was lying to her professors everyday saying that she was sick ,  in the hospital ,  or dealing with family problems .  But in reality ,  she was in her bed ,  watching Netflix and eating chips .  One night ,  she borrowed my laptop and dropped it from the top of our bunk bed !  There was a huge crack on the bottom of my laptop ,  and it wouldn’t work for a week .  When I asked her what happened ,  she said that I left it on the edge of the desk and it fell .  Mind you ,  the other roommate had watched it all happen .  At the end of the year she ended up getting on probation and wasn’t allowed to come back to the school .  When she left ,  she also took my phone charger ,  hangers ,  and two of my jackets .  Then she had the nerve to ask me to move into an apartment with her .  No thanks ! My sophomore year ,  I shared an apartment with one of my best friends from freshman year .  She turned out to be extremely passive aggressive and had really bad hygiene .  She would leave chicken nuggets sitting out for days and then eat them .  Whenever I tried to talk to her about pitching in more around the apartment ,  she would immediately become defensive and start accusing me of things .  Second semester she did not speak one word to me ,  but would constantly aggressively slam doors just to remind me that she was still mad at me .  We recently made up and she even told me that she wouldn't mind living with me again — no ,  thanks ! My old roommate was a serious cyclist ,  and before races and big rides he'd shave his legs with an electric razor in the bathroom .  But he would just let the hair fall .  Everywhere .  On the floor .  On the tub .  On the sink .  EVERYWHERE .  AND THEN WOULD NOT CLEAN IT .  LIKE A CARPET . Had a housemate who had terrible body odor and drank himself to sleep each night on the living room sofa ;  he'd sweat into it and eventually left a huge ,  smelly stain from where his sweat had seeped into the upholstery .   ( He's now serving a life sentence for first - degree murder after beating someone to death with a cinder block .  ) My darling roommate peels off his foot skin and leaves it on our side table .  The first time I saw it ,  it took me a minute to realize it was human and not garlic skin .  He is lucky I love him . I had a vegetarian college roommate who once started screaming at me that when he wasn't around ,  I was farting on his bed pillows .  It turned out he had been leaving produce under his bed ,  and there ,  a bag of onions ,  along with a lot of other veggies ,  had gone bad . I had a roommate who had seasonal allergies and would constantly walk around blowing his nose and then stuffing the tissues into book cases or between dishes in the cupboards ,  seemingly unconsciously .  Like ,  he would do it while talking to me and not even realize he was doing it until I pointed it out . I had a dude roommate who one day decided he was tired of doing dishes I guess ,  so he started putting his dirty ones in an empty box .  We were very confused weeks later as to where most of our silverware had gone ,  but then found the box of crusty china in a spare room .  I once moved into an apartment that had been recently vacated by two dudes .  There were 3 - inch mushrooms growing in the shower stall . Back in 2014 when I lived on campus ,  I was living with three male roommates .  We were lucky and had two separate showers in our apartment space :  one was for the women and one for the men .  Our third male roommate would deliberately use the female shower .  He'd shave his back in it and leave his back hair all over the tiles and floor .  I'm really glad I no longer live on campus . I had a roommate who was racist and obsessed with WWII Nazis .  I thought it was just in a History Channel kind of way .  He chose to read 'Mein Kampf' for a class .  Then he started writing juvenile bathroom graffiti in German in the stalls .  He became upset when he found out I dated a black girl in high school .  Then the swastikas started showing up graffiti in the dorm elevator ,  along with the n - word drawn in a noose . 
He had a knife collection . 
He seriously came back after the first week with an end table ,  folding lounge chair ,  and an easy chair ,  despite the fact that the room had no real extra space for it any of it . 
He smelled and tried to get rid of the room smell with a whole can of peach Renuzit one day .  He left food garbage in his trash ,  left for the weekend ,  and when I emptied it because it was smelling ,  he got mad at me for touching his stuff . He said he would 'take care of me' if I did it again . 
He said he hated kids .  He was a Special Ed major .  I asked why he majored in that if he hated kids .  He said ,  'There are 52 Special Ed majors in this school and I am one of only two guys . '
I moved out the start of next semester ,  as soon as they'd let me .  I even paid the extra money for a single the next year . 
Later on ,  I looked him up .  Found a picture of him in blackface and some other creepy black and white photos . 